Skyhigh Secure Web Gateway Add logs (#37488)
demisto/content: Packs/McAfeeWebGateway/ReleaseNotes/1_0_13.md

#### Integrations

##### Skyhigh Secure Web Gateway (On Prem)

> Fixed an issue wherr the ***swg-insert-entry*** command was overwriting the output instead of adding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the ***swg-insert-entry*** command was overwriting the output instead of adding to the output.
```
